>> Kyle Simpson: As far as narratives go,
I think that it's important for
us to understand that it's not just a grab
bag of whatever we can figure out that.
That there are some important, larger
narratives happening with the evolution of
language and I think the most important
of those is that JavaScript is moving
in the direction of being
a more declarative language.
Declarative as compared to imperative.
Where declarative means we declare
the outcome, the what, and
we allow the abstractions of the language
to handle the how, so, that the reader is
focused more on the what, the outcome and
even more importantly on the why.
That makes code able
to communicate better.
Generally speaking more declarative
code communicates better.
So for example, some of you probably know
about the dot dot dot spread operator
that was one of the features add in ES6.
And the dot dot dot operator is
replacing the very imperative equivalent
of doing something like a dot apply or
doing something like arguments
that array.call with arguments to
try to erase slices I call with
arguments to try to turn the argument's
object into a real array.
So those are very imperative
approaches to things, and
then we got declarative approaches.
It wasn't so
much you could do a whole new thing,
as it was you could do it in a much
cleaner and more communicative way.
And so that is an important
narrative to understand.
And as we go throughout this course,
you are gonna see features that have
varying degrees of imperativeness or
declarativeness, but I think they do fit
in this larger narrative which says,
these are not necessarily things that no
JavaScript developer has ever done before.
But rather, we've been hacking these
sorts of things for years, and
it's time for the language to support it,
and in as clear, and concise, and
communicable a way as possible.
And so I'm excited about
the future of JavaScript.
It's bright, it's vibrant,
there's lots of amazing things happening.
And quite frankly,
it's good job security for me,
because we're gonna continue to
have lots of things to talk about.
And you'll see that this course will have
to get updated on a one or two-year basis,
cuz there's gonna be new stuff that
keeps landing in the language.
And that's a good and healthy thing.